in Gaza death is
everywhere Israel's attacks have
destroyed every aspect of
life after 47 days of bombardment
Palestinians are about to get 4 days of
spite in the ruins of their
homes and make shift
tense out in the cold
we want many humanitarian ceasefires we
want a full ceasefire there are children
Elders women still under the rubble if
we want to take them out from under the
rubble we need a great deal of time at
least a
month no food drinking water electricity
or
medicine Palestinians have none of the
basics needed to
survive before the war 850 trucks would
enter the Gaza Strip every day through
the Karam Abu Salam Crossing with Israel
and the Rafa Crossing with Egypt that
ended with the total blockade Israel
imposed on October the 7th 2 weeks into
the war the first humanitarian a trucks
were allowed into Gaza since October the
21st the UN says only more than 1,400
trucks carrying Aid and fuel have
entered the strip a trickle compared to
the number of trucks Before the War
under the temporary ceasefire 300
humanitarian a trucks per day carrying
supplies and fuel will be allowed into
Gaza during the 4-day PA and fighting
but it's not clear if they will reach
the north where Healthcare Services have
completely
collapsed up to this moment no
information regarding the entry of a
fuel for hospitals and ambulances the
only information is a limited amount of
fuel will be allowed to get into Gaza
Strip during those four days of a
humanitarian ceasefire those fuel will
be used for the water and
sanitation under the deal Israel will
not allow the hundreds of thousands of
Palestinians who fled to Southern Gaza
to return to their homes in the north a
little bit pessimistic when it comes to
the inability to move freely across
Salah Road I'm originally from Gaza City
I wish to go back home during the
ceasefire but it seems that's not going
to
happen raising fear
of permanent displacement in the absence
of a permanent
ceasefire pranka Gupta
alaz Philip lazarini is the commissioner
general of the UN Agency for Palestinian
refugees speaking from Khan Yunis he's
welcomed the temporary truce describing
the situation in Gaza as
impossible we all heard about a
truth four five 6 days it is
definitely welcome I really hope that
through this we will be able to better
reach everyone in Gaza streets including
people who are still in the north and
that during these days we will be able
to scale up our response but beyond that
I really hope that from this four or
five days we can build an extended
ceasefire on humanitarian ground
basically this is what everyone is
asking for